Hello and welcome to Forevermetin2

Thank you for choosing this and I wish you a lot of fun. If you like, you can 
read this to end and get your feedback later. I will explain how I came to
Forevermetin2 and how it has developed over time.

I do not publish and code the tool for financial or profitable reasons, there 
is a reason, and that is my dear friend, love, and i get this back from those
who appreciate every detail. Why I say that is, I am working on it alone and 
I really enjoy it, I mean all these classes and directories, as well as metin2
has it. You will understand that, even if metin2 is slowly dying, The game is
and will be my favorite game.

Kamazucka:
That was the name of the first tool I ever released.
You can find it here: https://bit.ly/2SNit57

How I came to KamaZucka is still a mystery to me today, and no it doesn't
come from Kamasutra, chill. The tool at that time, KZ, had the same concept
as that of today, but it was not as advanced as Forevermetin2. My goal has
always been to provide a database for people who had enough of it to look
for Metin2 resources or beg for it. That's why i start to learning design and
so I was able to publish a few things that can still be found today. 

With KZ, you could simply download bug fixes and everything else and apply
them directly. Today, it's about more because I've expanded the concept over
time. I also changed the name from KamaZucka to CP-Patcher, later Mapper,
and today it is Forevermetin2.

The goal or concept was always the same, namely a small database of
important Metin2 files. A starter set for newcomers or even advanced 
users. I also need Forevermetin2 myself, and every time I find something
small, I put it in there so I always have it.

Examples:

   - *CREATE MY OWN SERVER-
   I do not support any pserver and do not run any myself. But in the event of 
   a change in mind, I have the necessary files to make a fun server for me 
   and maybe my few friends from old times. Itemshop free, of course,
   because the costs would be shared. There are no direct downloads offered,
   only the download links.

   - *COMPLETE CLIENT-
   The concept here is to fix the old metin2 things. In other words, I find a fix
   for a boar that hovers in the air, so it comes directly into npc. NPC can then
   be patched with a command. the complete pack folder is unzipped, and
   commands can be used to patch the pack files that you want.
   Find more about the dll files which this command: info dll

   - CREATE MY OWN MAP -
   In the world editor section you will find everything you need to create your
   own map. There are of course tutorials too.

I prefer to work alone but writing with people from time to time is fun,
especially people who appreciate you. Alone and still needing help with
different systems or small questions. There are few who have helped and
may help again, but I'm all the more grateful for it, if only one helps.

Legend:
(*)will take a lot of time to realize it.

To be continued

Best regards
Ace
