Here I list all questions that come to my mind regarding Forevermetin2

[ TOOL ]
Q1: How do I update Forever Metin2?
        During an update, the tool shows a question mark button. At the top
        left is the update button. However, It's there so you can update live.
        As soon as an update is available, open the menu by clicking on "X",
        then select "Info". You can close the info message by double-clicking.
        Be aware that when you update, all translations you have taken over
        in your language will be replaced by the main language.

Q2: Can I minimize the tool?
        Yes, ESC or Doppelclick Forevermetin2 Title.

03: How can i close feedback window?
        Doppleclick the Title. This also applies to the quest windows
        and info window.

Q4: What are all these text files for?
        So that you can translate this yourself into your language. Or you
        are welcome to correct, google translator is terrible. The tool accesses
        this content and plays it back. If these files do not exist, some things do
        not work. With later updates I will see how I can do this differently.

05: What is the purpose of the inventory?
        Honestly? Simply a creative idea. For example, I wanted to make a
        ring item in which when you click on it, worldeditor opens directly.
        Or another item that starts your virtualbox, or something else. Who
        knows what will come of it, let's see.

[ DLL'S ]
Q1: How do I get dll's that I don't have?
        You will get these dll's over time. 

Q2: What do i need the dll's for?
        There are different download links, and I always update them.
        So instead of always updating a whole EXE, we prefer to update dll.
        These are viruses free, and if suspected, please report it to me.
        Everything I give, you can check for viruses before you use it.

Q3: But why a dll?
        First of all for fun, secondly really practical and clean.
        I like to work clean, or I have learned to work cleaner
        than I did before. Every DLL has its purpose, yes even
        this script dll has its purpose. I'm learning to program,
        and I find the possibilities with DLL's and everything
        else very exciting.

Best regards
Ace
