Which map sizes are ideal?

Personally, I work very spontaneously, which means that what comes out later is
not always planned. This does not mean the look, but my structure. Although the
structure is very important, it is not the decisive factor when it comes to
mapping. If a customer gives a sketch, I adopt this layout. Otherwise I decide
spontaneously, depending on the map type and map size. Here is a list of them:

Dungeon Maps
--------------
such as Spider Dungeon or Monkey Dungeon are beautiful and practical as well
as antique if you think about it more carefully, but if you compare one of them
with Grotto of Exile 1 - 2, you can see that dungeons with a size of 3 x 3 are
enough, but the player always does just the same thing, to get to where you want
to be in 1-2 minutes. I also think it's a shame that the maps are just a quiky for the
players. In and out, and that's why I very rarely create maps for others.

The perfect length would be as follows:
Imagine Red Wood, you are at the beginning and you have a military horse with
you. You have wind shoes or you don't. This old one Feeling like you've been on the
road for a long time doesn't exist anymore and this robs me the fun of the game.
It's nice that you offer your players mounts that are very fast, but if you increase
the speed of the players by 5 times, you should also consider that there should
be more maps like Cape of Dragon Fire. Solitary is a dungeon map which will be
finished at some point, and this map is 5 x 5. The difference is that this map has a
lot of chambers and can be misleading.

Farm | Level Maps (Outside)
--------------------------
have a size of at least 3 x 3 - 4 x 4. A 5 x (X) can also be used if you have a good
server. Arbana rework is 10x10 and it's overwhelming. If the Metin2 client and
server were to withstand a 10x10 map, Metin2 would look and arrive completely
different. Today Metin2 is simply a square with mountains all around. From a size
of 5 x 5 - 10 x 10 you can experience Metin2 differently. Please don't get me wrong,
there are very nice maps out there, but each of them has a quick end, Arbana
with 10x10 is still too small. You can do a lot there so that it looks big, but it doesn't
help if the player has crossed the map in 1-2 minutes. This is definitely my vision
of a server. Today there are servers that might offer something, but no one has
impressed me until now until world of metin2 and global metin2 from TireZ.
Global's maps were legends. As soon as arbana is finished, you can find her on
Nova2 Remastered. Go to this map and check it out. The detailists among us will
understand when I said 10x10 is small.

Run Maps
---------
these maps should be at least 1 x 1 - 2 x 2 large, because nobody wants 7 different
maps, even if there is another way.

However, it is not possible, or perhaps not possible, to produce a lag-free client.
Apart from the server strength, monsters, npcs and players on the map, You
mustn't forget that most people love metin2 for this very reason, or love it for

This reason: 
I played it on Windows XP, at school 2007, at the same graphic as today. It was the
only game after Habbo Hotel that I could play, and I can say the computers were
antique, Metin2 ran anyway, unless I was in Demon Tower .. well :) Many players
have bad computers, and if you are like me , who wants to give everyone a
pleasant game, then you now know why I keep my Map's Smooth.

Kind regards
iAce
